Welcome back to mrs rundown, in today’s
video I am going to be recapping the events
of Pretty Woman, a 1990 Romance/Comedy film.
Spoilers ahead! You have been warned. Now
like the video and subscribe to the channel
if you enjoy this video.
Edward Lewis, is a high-powered corporate
raider from New York, he buys and dismantles
struggling companies, selling off the assets
for profit. He wants his girlfriend to accompany
him during a business trip, but fed up with
being his "beck and call girl," she ends their
relationship. This all takes place at a swanky
party held by his partner Philip Stuckey,
and he decides to cuts loose in Stuckey's
Lotus. He gets lost and accidentally stops
along Hollywood Boulevard in the city’s
red-light district. There he encounters prostitute
Vivian Ward. He asks for directions from hooker
Vivenne Ward. She charges him, then gets in.
As he is having difficulties driving a manual
transmission car, he pays Vivian to drive
him to the Regent Beverly Wilshire Hotel.
Edward then impulsively hires her for the
night, He asks her up to his penthouse suite
on a whim and pays her to stay all night,
although he seems uncomfortable at first and
despite some awkwardness, he finds her charming
and gets on well with her. The next day, he
asks Vivian to play his girlfriend that week
at a series of business events he's attending
while attempting a takeover of shipbuilder
James Morse's company. Edward offers Vivian
$3,000 for six days, He also gives her money
for clothes and says she needs to be at his
"beck and call" with no strings attached.
Vivian excitedly accepts, She calls her room-mate
Kit to leave her money for the rent, and goes
shopping on Rodeo Drive for more appropriate
clothes.
but when she attempts to go shopping on Rodeo
Drive, a snooty saleswomen won't serve her
as she is still dressed like a hooker and
so she returns to the hotel, where she gets
stopped by the hotel manager, Barney. He wants
to make it clear that they are making an exception
having her at the hotel as Edward is such
a special guest. Vivienne gets upset as she
still has no outfit for dinner, and Barney
helps her, along with coaching her on dinner
etiquette. When Edwards returns, Edward is
impressed by Vivian's transformation and opens
up to her, revealing details about his personal
and business life, including his turbulent
relationship with his late father.
The next day, Vivienne tells him about the
experience shopping the previous day, and
Edward takes her back to spend an obscene
amount of money on clothes, leaving her to
go back to his work as she is transformed
from hooker to lady. She goes back to the
shop from the previous day to show them the
big mistake they made! Back at hotel, she
looks like a genuine guest, but when Edward
gets home he is still busy with work, and
they take a bath together and talk into the
night about their pasts and how they ended
up where they are today.
The following day, Edward takes Vivienne to
the polo. While Vivienne chats to David Morse,
the grandson of the man involved in Edward's
latest deal, Philip is worried she is a corporate
spy. Edward reassures him by telling him how
they met and that she’s a hooker. Later
at the event Philip comes on to Vivienne.
When they return to the hotel, she is furious
with Edward for telling him, and plans to
leave, but he persuades her to see out the
week. Edward leaves work early the next day
and takes Vivian by private jet to see La
traviata at the San Francisco Opera. The story
of a prostitute who falls in love with a rich
man moves Vivian.
She clearly is moved by the music, and says
"If I forget to tell you later, I had a wonderful
time tonight". On returning to the hotel,
he falls asleep while she is getting ready
for bed. Vivian then kisses him on the lips,
she doesn't do this with clients, and they
make love as partners, rather than client
and hooker. After mistakenly believing Edward
is asleep, Vivian admits she loves him.
Edwards return to New York is imminent, so
over breakfast, Edward offers to help Vivian
get off the streets and suggests putting her
up in a nice condo and giving her an allowance,
promising to visit her regularly. so, he can
continue seeing her, but she feels insulted
as Edward is still treating her like a prostitute,
and says this is not the fairy tale she wants.
He then goes off to work without resolving
the situation. Kit then comes to the hotel
and sees that she has fallen for him, but
she denies it.
Edward meets Morse, about to close the deal,
and changes his mind at the last minute. His
time with Vivienne has shown him another way
of being. He wants to create things rather
than just making money. He chooses to work
with Morse to save his company instead of
dismantling it.
Philip is livid, furious that Edward's new
direction has cost him a fortune and goes
to the hotel. Vivienne is there and he blames
her for changing Edwards character. he attempts
to rape her and then hits her, Edward returns
just in time and pulls him off. Edward then
fires him and chucks him out. With his business
in L A complete, Edward asks Vivian to stay
with him one more night, but only because
she wants to, not because he will pay. She
refuses and leaves.
Vivienne is then seen back at home with Kit,
packing up to leave for San Franscisco.
Edward re-thinks his life, and while being
driven to the airport, has the chauffeur detour
to Vivian's apartment building. He climbs
out through the white limousine's sunroof
and ascends the fire escape to kiss Vivian,
overcoming his fear of heights and metaphorically
fulfilling her fairytale dream.
Thanks for watching! Make sure to like the
video if you enjoyed it. Subscribe to the
channel if you want to see more of these movie
summaries. It really helps the channel out.